Best Practices and Featured Badge (#2501)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/index.md

After you've successfully submitted your extension, your extension undergoes a review process and either passes or fails the certification process.  Owners are notified of the outcome and given next steps as required.  If you submit an extension update to the store, it begins a new review process.

### The Featured badge in Edge Add-ons Store

> A **Featured extension** badge in the Microsoft Edge Add-ons Store indicates that the extension has been determined to follow Microsoft's recommended best practices related to security, privacy, transparency, and user experience. The Microsoft Edge Add-ons Store team reviews each extension for adherence to EAS best practices before granting it a **Featured** badge. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **Featured** badge in the Microsoft Edge Add-ons Store indicates that the extension has been determined to follow Microsoft's recommended best practices related to security, privacy, transparency, and user experience. The Microsoft Edge Add-ons Store team reviews each extension for adherence to EAS best practices before granting it a **Featured** badge. 
```
@Bhuvana-Priya - if you send me a url or paste a capture of the badge, I'd be more certain of correct wording.

What does the tooltip say when you hover on a Featured badge?  What does badge look like?  It would be good to show a capture to actually show what a Featured badge looks like.

Reviewer: removed "extension": fixed locally in my PR

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

![The Featured badge for an extension](./index-images/featured-badge.png)
```

Add screenshot of the badge.

@Bhuvana-Priya - What does the tooltip say when you hover on a Featured badge?  What does badge look like?  It would be good to show a capture to actually show what a Featured badge looks like.

Author: ![MicrosoftTeams-image (4)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/115227785/227512038-b8b5db0f-ad54-4ca2-916e-0c344bdd4599.png)

I attached a screenshot of how badge will look and this would be the Tooltip text: "This extension follows all of Microsoft's recommended practices and has been verified"

Reviewer: fixed locally in my PR

Badged extensions are curated solely for the purpose of providing Microsoft Edge users with secure browsing tools and high-quality experiences. 

Developers cannot pay to receive a **Featured** badge for an extension. 

> Just because an extension is not “Featured”, it does not mean it’s not safe to use. It simply means that it does not currently meet Microsoft’s security and quality standards to be badged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just because an extension doesn't have a **Featured** badge, doesn't mean the extension is unsafe. It simply means that the extension doesn't meet Microsoft’s security and quality standards to be badged as **Featured**.
```

After you've successfully submitted your extension, your extension undergoes a review process and either passes or fails the certification process.  Owners are notified of the outcome and given next steps as required.  If you submit an extension update to the store, it begins a new review process.

### Featured badge in Edge Add-ons Store

> Featured extensions on Microsoft Edge Add-ons Store follow the Microsoft’s recommended best practices related to security, privacy, transparency, and user experience. Microsoft Edge Add-ons Store team reviews each extension for adherence to EAS best practices before granting it a “Featured” badge. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _Featured_ extension badge in the Microsoft Edge Add-ons Store indicates that the extension has been determined to follow Microsoft's recommended best practices related to security, privacy, transparency, and user experience. Microsoft Edge Add-ons Store team reviews each extension for adherence to EAS best practices before granting it a “Featured” badge. 
```

> ## Disclaimer
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
heading adds no info, is not needed, negative toned, and the section flows better without it.

gh rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/v-bpappu/msedgeaddons/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/index.md

Badged extensions are curated solely for the purpose of providing Microsoft Edge users with secure browsing tools and high-quality experiences. 

> Developers cannot pay to receive “Featured” badges for their extensions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers cannot pay to receive "Featured" badges for their extensions. 
```
straight quotes per Doc Contributor Guide

> Just because an extension is not “Featured”, it does not mean it’s not safe to use. It simply means that it does not currently meet Microsoft’s security and quality standards to be badged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just because an extension is not "Featured', it doesn't mean it’s not safe to use. It simply means that it doesn't meet Microsoft’s security and quality standards to be badged.
```
'currently' adds as much confusion as clarification, zero net gain, consider omitting.  Unless there's a technical reason to keep (I d/k context).
